PP/FRP Filter Housing
P.P / UPVC Bag filter and Cartridge Filter Housing
High chemical compatibility and high corrosion resistance.
All Filter housing hydrostatically tested for 6 bar pressure.
Light Weight housing and easy to handle.
Media : PolyPropylene.
Max. Temp : 60°C.
Max. Woring.Pr : 6Kg/Cm-2.
Type : Up to 30 Cu Mtr/Hr.

FRP / GRP Filter Housing
Fiber Glass Reinforced plastic housings can last 3-5 times longer than that of stainless steel when exposed to corrosive and harsh environments.
Less weight and stronger than stainless steel.
Housing designed to meet ASME Code,Section X Design Standards.
design Pressures up to 150PSI and factory tested at twice the working pressure.
Corrosion resistance-compatible with fluids in the PH range of 2-13.
Isophthalic,Bisphenol,Venyl easter Resins selected as per the compatibility.
Seamless Construction eliminates leakages.

Application :
Desalination
Pre RO application
Acids
Alkalies and Brines
oil well injection
produced water filtration






Self Cleaning Filter
Disc Type Self Cleaning Filters
Use thin,color-coded discs of varied micron sizes.
The discs are grooved on both sides,in opposite direction,creating a series of crossing points that trap the particles,thereby creating a depth filtration element.
Each filter assembly in a multi-unit system is cleaned individually,allowing the other filter to contitnue,operating during the backwash process.

Motorised Self cleaning filters
The filter system consists of a cylindrical,cleanable filter which rotates against the stationery cleaning knife causing particles larger than the opening to be retained and eventually scraped off the element.Continuous, opretor independent opration.No need for disposable filter cartridges,thereby reducing the cost of replacement elements,changes-out labor,and downtime.No operator exposure,hence no health hazzards unique welded wedge wire type mesh,strong,rugged and durable.Higher percentage of open area,provides significantly higher flow throughput and lower pressure drops.


Vaccum Suction Type Self Cleaning Filter
Unique suction scanning technology with self-cleaning screen and fine micron rating down to 10 micron.
Efficient cleaning System at fine micron rating with unique spring Loaded Nozzles technology.Minimal footprint.
Continuous filtration during cleaning(process not interruptd).
less than 1% of flow used for self-cleaning process world-wide proven technology

Application :
Adhesives
Chemicals
Chocolate Cooling lines
HVAC Water
lnks
Lacquers
Paints
Stains

Varnishes
petrochemicals
Printing
Recycling Water
Recycling Water
River and Sea Water
Wash Water
Cooling Towers





Liquid Solid Separation
We have the expertise in designing, engineering, and manufacturing housings that satisfies the needs of the bio pharmaceutical industry,as well as the rigorous requirements of global standards organization. our housings offer safe,reliable performance and process separation consistency to meet the most critical sterile filtration steps for industrial


Sophisticated,highly automated and fully enclosed filtration systems,safe and hygienic operation.
Wet or Dry discharge,or alternatively for semi or fully continuous thickening.
System benefits include high efficiency solids removal,precious metals recovery,heel volume filtration,cake washing,cake drying and in-situ cleaning of the filter media.
Permanent Candles with replaceable filter media.
Unique Staggered slotted candles for efficient back washing.
Bottom to top flow for uniform cake information.
MOC:Carbon Steel,Stainless Steel 304,316,316L,904L,Duplex steel,Monel®,Hastelloy® and PTFE/FEP.
Stainless Steel,PP,Nylon,Polyester,Cotton,Teflon Coated filter media .
Area 0.1 to 100 Sq Mtr.
Micron rating as low as 1 micron.
Fully Automatic,PLC Operated,SCADA systems

Application :
Oil and gas
petrochemical
specialty chemical
fine chemical
enviromental
mineral and metal processing
pharmaceutical
food and agrochemical


Plate And Frame Press
Crystal clear cake filtration unit.
Plate size up to 2000 mm.
Hydraulic arrangement provided.
Atomation,PLC control support can be provided.

Application :
Solid-liquid separation in alcohol
chemical
metallurgy
pharmaceutical
enviorment protection
light industry
coal mining
foodstuff
textile
energy source and other





Compressed Air Filtration and Purification
Every Cubic foot of ambient air contains millions of particles of dirt,dust,moisture vapor and hydrocarbons. Inlet filters protects your compressors from the larger bits,but the majority of these contaminants pass through the compressor and affect compressedair introduces compressor fluid and other contaminants into the air stream. To protect your expensive tools and production machinery and increase product quality,you need to remove condensed liquids,solid,particles,hydrocarbon aerosols,vapors etc.Mechmann's Coalescer filters are the best.


Water Separators
Protects downstream filters from bulk liquid contamination.
Help to meet air quality requirements ISO 8573 1,ISO 12500-1.
90-92% removal efficiencies.
Low Pressure Drop,Energy efficient.
Housing Material : Aluminum Die Cast/Carbon Steel.
Element Material :Borosilicate Glass Micro Fiber/Mesh Pads.
Capacities : Up to 15000 CFM.
Working pressures :Up to 5000 PSI.
Working temperatures : Up to 65°C.